fix payloadcms fields (#924)
saleor/apps: .changeset/hungry-clocks-move.md

---
"saleor-app-cms-v2": patch
---

> Fix PayloadCMS form where two inputs where stick together without a margin. Now they are placed in two columns

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Fix PayloadCMS form where two inputs were stuck together without a margin. Now, they are placed in two columns
```
